The first thing I'm going do is make sure that Spark and Kafka are running.
When I do ps dash ef,
that allows me to look at the processes running on my machine.
I have two spark processes one,
two and several Java processes,
which means Kafka's probably still running. That's a good sign.
Let's look at the solution to the code.
I've imported my SparkSession,
I've imported my spark functions,
I've imported my types.
I have this redisMessageSchema,
which is the message schema of data that comes into the kafka source connector for redis.
Then I have some data that's going to come from redis inside of
that and I need to create a schema for it.
Here I have my account number and my location and this JSON here is not correct.
It should say something like account number and then location and then Spain.
We only have two fields.
Let's create that schema and we're going
to create a SparkSession and call it customer location.
We set the log level to WARN and then we're going to create a spark connection to kafka,
format kafka bootstrap server localhost 9092.
We're going to subscribe to the redis server topic starting in the earliest message.
Then we're going to read from that DataFrame that is a representation of the topic.
We'll call dot select,
Expr on it and we will cast the key and
value as strings and name them key and value in this DataFrame.
We're going to call dot withColumn,
and we're going to overwrite the value column with
the extracted fields from the JSON in the current value column
using the redisMessageSchema and we will call dot select and
use the column function to extract all the value sub-fields that were just generated.
We'll create a temporary view called RedisData.
In that view, we want to select the zSetEntries zero with array element,
and then get the dot element field from the object in that array position.
We'll call that customerLocation and we will
save that in an encoded, it's called encoded.
It's just a variable name,
an encoded streaming DataFrame because it has base-64 data in it.
We're just using that to help us remember.
We now need to decode it using dot with column,
just like we did with JSON over here and we're going to
overwrite the customerLocation column by calling the unbase64 function,
we'll pass the customer location and decode it.
Then we're going to cast the result to a string and that ends
up here in this DataFrame, which is JSON.
We need to decode the JSON which came into redis originally and we're
going to extract that from JSON format using the schema we created.
When we're done extracting it,
we're going to save it in a view called customerLocation,
where we'll use sparks equal to select all of its columns and rows.
That'll end up into customerLocationStreamingDF,
DataFrame, which will then write to the console.
I'm going to copy the syntax to start this,
which is spark submit dashes packages,
package name, and the full path to the Python script,
which will be home, workspace, customer-location,
dot py and it's loading all libraries starting
out spark and then it's running spark application and here's the data.
Notice we didn't say where location is not null here.
That would have made it so we gotten none of these null rows.
These are rows where there's data coming into redis that
doesn't match the schema and so it ends up as a null row.
But here are these, we have one account number in Thailand, Argentina,
South Africa, Ukraine, India, Uganda,
and New Zealand and hit Control-C out of that.